Added an example of how to run extended tests on github actions (#65)
ropensci/statistical-software-review-book: standards/general.Rmd

- [**G5.10**]{#G5_10} *Extended tests should included and run under a common
  framework with other tests but be switched on by flags such as as
  a `<MYPKG>_EXTENDED_TESTS="true"` environment variable.*
    - The extended tests can be then run automatically by GitHub Actions for 
      example by adding the following to the `env` section of the workflow:
      
      `MYPKG_EXTENDED_TESTS: ${{contains(github.event.head_commit.message, 'run-extended')}}`
      

>       Now the extended tests are run if the commit message contains phrase `run-extended`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Extended tests will then be run in response to any commit message which contains the phrase `run-extended`.
```
